.\" (C) Copyright 2016 Jordan Irwin <antumdeluge@gmail.com>,
.\"
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH Debreate 1 "7 December 2016"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
Debreate \- Debian package builder
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B debreate
[commands]
[options]
[project file]
[test
<test1>
[test2 ...]]
.SH DESCRIPTION
A utility to aid in creating Debian packages for distribution.
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B legacy
.br
Forces using version 2.8 of wxPython instead of 3.0.
.TP
.B compile
.br
Compiles Debreate's source files (.py) into Python bytecode (.pyc).
.TP
.B clean
.br
Removes compiled Python bytecode files (.pyc) from Debreate directory.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h|\-\-help
Show this help summary.
.TP
.B \-v|\-\-version
Show version of program.
.TP
.B \-l=|\-\-log-level=<value>
Set the log output level. Posibble values are 'info', 'warning', 'error', & 'debug'.
.TP
.B \-i=|\-\-log-interval=<value>
Set the integer value refresh rate for the log window when debugging is enabled. Higher value is lower frequency. Default is 1.
.TP
.B \-w|\-\-log-window
Initially display log window if log level is set to 'debug'.
.SH TESTING COMMANDS
.TP
.B test <tests>
.br
Runs supplied tests during execution for debugging.
.SH TESTS
.TP
.B update-fail
Uses a bad URL to force "Help ➜ Check for update" to fail.
